README.md, before:

# Hook Post Action
## DESCRIPTION
  You don't need this module unless you're either a developer or another module you're using depends on it.

  Currently, both Drupal and Backdrop do not offer any hooks to do actions after an entity is inserted,
  updated, or deleted in the database. This module adds several new hooks to overcome this limitation:

* hook_entity_postsave
* hook_entity_postinsert
* hook_entity_postupdate
* hook_entity_postdelete
* hook_node_postsave
* hook_node_postinsert
* hook_node_postupdate
* hook_node_postdelete

## INSTALLATION
  Install and enable the module as usual: https://backdropcms.org/user-guide/modules

## USAGE
  Please read the hook_post_action.api file.

  If you want to quickly see it working, you can enable the bundled module hook_post_action_example,
  add/delete/update some contents and visit your site logs at `/admin/reports/dblog`.

  **WARNING:** The _postsave, _postinsert and _postupdate hooks are also called when the entity is deleted,
  as there is no way to find out whether the entity/node is actually saved/inserted/updated.
  However, the module only calls the delete hooks when the entity is actually deleted from database.

### AUTHORS AND MAINTAINERS
  Sina Salek http://sina.salek.ws

### BACKDROP PORT
  Ryan Osītis https://ryanositis.com

Commit message:

Added an @file to the module and reformatted the README to be include the current maintainer.

README.md, after:

Hook Post Action
======================
  You don't need this module unless you're either a developer or another module you're using depends on it.

  Currently, both Drupal and Backdrop do not offer any hooks to do actions after an entity is inserted,
  updated, or deleted in the database. This module adds several new hooks to overcome this limitation:

* hook_entity_postsave
* hook_entity_postinsert
* hook_entity_postupdate
* hook_entity_postdelete
* hook_node_postsave
* hook_node_postinsert
* hook_node_postupdate
* hook_node_postdelete

Installation
------------
  Install and enable the module as usual: https://backdropcms.org/user-guide/modules

Usage
------------
  Please read the hook_post_action.api file.

  If you want to quickly see it working, you can enable the bundled module hook_post_action_example,
  add/delete/update some contents and visit your site logs at `/admin/reports/dblog`.

  **WARNING:** The _postsave, _postinsert and _postupdate hooks are also called when the entity is deleted,
  as there is no way to find out whether the entity/node is actually saved/inserted/updated.
  However, the module only calls the delete hooks when the entity is actually deleted from database.

Current Maintainers
-------------------
* [Ryan Osītis](https://github.com/rositis)

Credits
-------
* Ported to Backdrop CMS by [Ryan Osītis](https://github.com/rositis).
* Originally written for Drupal by [Sina Salek](http://sina.salek.ws).

License
-------
This project is GPL v2 software.
See the LICENSE.txt file in this directory for complete text.
